---
title: 'People Over Party, Maturity Over Immaturity, Humanity Over Hate'
description: ''
pubDate: 'Nov 8, 2024'
heroImage: 'entry-covers/0018.png'
---

The world is one big sandbox with a bunch of bullies rn, and we gotta put an end to this childish bickering. On any side, under any party, if you can choose to respect another even when they hate your guts and wish your harm, then you have won. That is the ultimate message of life; unconditional respect, attempt at understanding/empathy, and generosity. Offer them your kindness instead of more hate, there is enough already. If we wish to repair any of this, we will need to work together to understand one another, starting now. 

Furthermore, **no one is intrinsically evil, and any and all sides are just as capable of corruption**; and yes, the injustice is seemingly wayyyy more on the MAGA side if we’re going off rational thinking and fucking being against “the Jews made a hurricane weather machine to get more money!!” BUT if we point and say stuff like “Nazi!” to ANYONE and most especially those across the aisle, that is still us actively dividing ourselves, and making one side hate the other even more (in reality there are no sides, only the human side; we all deep down want the same love and goodness in the world). You could be anyone on this planet, and having a stranger come up and call you “MONSTER!” it’s like no duh they’re gonna be divided against you and be like “wtf! No I am not!” 

Because from my experience too debating dozens of MAGA ppl by now, is they’re also people with good intentions, but are misled by misinformation on the web (and we have been too; the entire internet is like this in the last few years we must recognize this, remember as well things like BREXIT and the amt of unchecked campaign funds that went into untraceable hate mongering ads on platforms like Facebook which Zuck went to Congress for bc he refused to stop it just to keep getting more of that dirty money).

We must see the human even in those who wish to hate us, or kill us, or ruin our lives, because when you don’t hate or fear them, you’re eternal, and you’re free, truly. 

And so, let’s put country over party, justice over who gets bragging rights, and let’s nitpick both sides of the aisle and snap our peers out of this spell of misinformation & hate. 

11-8-24