---
title: 'Knowledge, and Sorrow'
description: ''
pubDate: 'Dec 2, 2020'
heroImage: 'entry-covers/0042.png'
---

With knowledge comes sorrow. [but inevitably after enough knowledge, you essentially overcome all sorrows - gotta walk the hardest paths, all the wrong paths firsthand, before you finally figure out the path that was right there in front of you all along... it's funny how it works, yet beautiful - we're all a buncha beautiful fools, something Darby Hudson I'm sure would say (and in fact, does say lol) - 8/13/2025]

Does that mean God can be “happy” if he already knows everything? 

Is happiness merely a human term? Most likely.

Is “happiness” different for God? Most likely.

Does God purposely make himself forget or unaware of certain things so that he may too seek a higher purpose?

Is there such a thing as a higher purpose than the highest purpose?

When does it end?

Is there a limit that all things eventually meet when it comes to seeking higher knowledge? 

If there is infinite knowledge, is there such a thing as infinite sorrow? Well, obviously we as humans combat this sorrow with hope.

We resort to wishing, praying, and hoping when faced with the unknown. It’s the only thing we can do. It’s what we’ve always done and always will do, when conflicted with the unknown. We are simple creatures, yet we see complexity in ourselves. Behind the screen, we are nothing more than yet another machine. Cells to one big organism. Pieces to a puzzle. Ants in a colony. We feed off social interaction and are stronger together than apart, “two brains are better than one” after all. 7 billion brains for that matter. Together, we act as though a computer. We’re interconnected. A network. However, with our humanity, comes mistakes. Faults. Imperfections. Malfunctions in the system. 


Touching back on the concept of sorrowful knowledge, it can easily be pieced together that, although we may live in a simulation, and that there most likely is multiple layers to our “reality” as we see it and are unaware of, why not just enjoy what we have laid before us? Well, obviously, the humans we are will always strive to reach a higher level in it all. We crave power. Strength. Purpose. But alongside it all, enjoying life for what it is, and potentially giving in to our simplicity, is truly all we really can do about everything. No matter how high we reach, there will always be another level to it all. And once we reach the top - if even possible to begin with - then what? We’ll just have to enjoy what we have, which is something we can do right now. We’ve been put here for a reason, and maybe that reason is to be a simulation for the entity behind the screen; play a part in calculating for them, mocking their reality, so that they may predict their volatility too. But our true reason for existing in the first place, our true purpose, as I believe it, is to enjoy what God cannot: ignorance. 


- 12/2/2020

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/3ra06WpylznoY5OuHHk0GH?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<hr> 

With infinite paradoxes, we will never reach the top. We will always have another step to go. Another mountain to climb. We will always have a purpose. We will always find more meaning out of the endless nothing. Out of simplicity comes complexity. Out of perception comes reality. Out of nothing comes everything.

- 12/16/2020

<hr>

Pain is a gift. Death is a gift. It grants mortality, which in of itself is the greatest gift of all. Like ignorance, it is something God cannot truly experience like we do. God does not have closure, either. He’s a singularity. Forever in an instant. Endless.

[old name]

- 12/18/20

<hr>

Simplicity comes with understanding. When humans understand something, it becomes simple to them. Things are only complex to us when we don’t fully understand them. 

-12/18/20