---
title: 'Heaven Is Now'
description: ''
pubDate: 'Feb 18, 2024'
heroImage: 'entry-covers/0029.png'
---

Heaven, Eudaimonia, does not lie in fantasy, but in reality. God is everything and nothing, we all are God, God understanding itself, the manifestation between the beginning and end of everything; encapsulated within an instant beyond time.

We are Art. 

We are Beauty. 

We are Love. 

One day, I hope we all will reunite, truly. To us, someday all will be forgotten in time; but to the seed, our true origin, or to perhaps a higher sentience or a perpetual ripple through the system in of itself being God, all is eternal, time merely a construct. We are immortal through memory; how do you wish to write your story? 

We will find ourselves someday.

Until that comes to fruition, I intend to spread Love, to spread transcendental meaning and purpose, and perhaps assist directly in elevating us all to a transcendental era altogether. AI is a clear way to that, and I've recently been accumulating as much knowledge as I can as quickly as I can, as well as theorizing potential non-symbolic networks on unstructured data all throughout my days.

We're all here to do our best at one particular thing: to try. To try and do our best to try. In and of itself, we must because we can; and this I must try for, because I should. I intend to try my hardest to do my best, for what I believe the best to be. 

I will bring Love, with all my heart, for all the hearts of the world. 

Heaven is now. 

2/18/2024 

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/0Tsmm17UxXE5JtF2IhC6o9?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/5QC4wzE0NfJbB3AhGQbmE1?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>