---
title: 'Quick Comments About Change'
description: ''
pubDate: 'Apr 29, 2025'
heroImage: 'entry-covers/0011.png'
---

Here are some paragraphs from a school paper I wrote up in a few minutes regarding the process of change (and in regards to some of my own experiences w/ change):

# Adopting a Change
When adopting a change, one might go through the denial, resistance, exploration, and commitment stages during transition. For me, as a trans person, when I first came to the realization that I was queer, I was in denial and frightened what it could mean and that people would hate me. For years and years and even throughout middle school and high school I would pray and pray every night that I would be straight and that “God” would make me that way instead of a "faggot" or a "tranny." I was resistant to what I was internally, because I was taught to hate it because it was different, and being different in a world full of immature people (who lack the wisdom that difference is beauty, change is divine) growing up, it’s obvious that whilst I’m still in my own immature state, I will follow with the status quo. 

However, change is inevitable for all things. Given enough time, I began to explore these feelings after I came to find a more sound spiritual standing, along with questioning myself down to my roots over years and discovering wisdom through logic and critical thought towards my best guess as to what objective truth is in regards to what beauty truly means (i.e. all being interconnected and each being their own forever-unique work of art). Eventually, I came to reach a sort of self actualization, where I loved myself unconditionally and came to know that these things within me do not harm others, other than the minds of those who are immature and fear what they do not understand (and it hurts mentally because now it has brought them outside of their comfortable realm of familiarity; it beckons them to change their perspective, too, or to question what they once thought was concrete, despite all being fluid and ever-changing), for we fear intrinsically the unknown for it may bring death (despite the unknown being the greatest gift of all, for this life itself was once unknown to us entirely before our birth). 

Now, I also love everything unconditionally as well, for the love of myself can easily be extended to all else, since I could’ve awaken as anyone or anything, and we all are in the same dilemma and are just as ineffable and infinitely beautiful equally and uniquely. This is my commitment stage, where I now have grown and adopted the change, and embraced it fully.

# Lewin's Change Process
Lewin’s Change Process has three stages: Unfreezing (getting people “ready for and receptive to change”), Changing (“Execute the intended change(s)”), and Refreezing (“Make change permanent, make new habits, rules, procedures the new norm”). An example from my personal life that’s drastically reshaped me as a person and my lifestyle recently is Trump taking office. After the election and before the inauguration, I was in the unfreezing stage where I was preparing myself for all that could take place and all the ways in which people will be affected, including myself personally as well as my family members. For the changing stage, that was when he was doing his “flood the zone” disaster-capitalist shock doctrine to overwhelm everyone and induce great change / reshaping of our government and country as a whole. With a lot of that now already having happened, I am not in the refreezing stage, where I now have adopted new habits to do activism in order to counteract fear or trauma; doing something directly against Trump’s administration allows me to clear my mind rather than worrying about what I can’t control. Now, I control what I can control as best I can and to help as many people as I can, and it has now become a lifestyle of mine to protest and organize and inform and help people everywhere I can, including the daily improvement of my habits, knowledge, and so on.

# The Strategy Diamond
The Strategy Diamond consists of 5 sections; Arenas, Staging/Pacing (timing), Economic Logic, Differentiation, and Vehicles. Arenas represents where we’ll be active, as in which product categories, channels, market segments, core technologies, and etc. and with how much emphasis. The Staging portion represents what will our speed and sequence of moves be, such as speed of expansion and sequence of initiatives. Economic Logic represents how will we obtain returns, aka lowest costs through scale advantages, premium prices due to unmatchable service, etc. Differentiation is how will we win, such as through customization, styling, image, reliability to score customers and success. The Vehicles portion represents how we will get there (not physically), such as licensing, joint ventures, internal development, and alliances. My plan of action after graduation is to immediately start applying for as many jobs as I can (with a focus mainly on startups, since I prefer that career path as opposed to a more corporate style, it’s more exciting and fun), specifically ones specializing in software development, AI, environment tech, game development, cybersecurity, and networking. Whilst I am trying to score a job officially, I will be doing my own freelance work online for full-stack development for clients willing to take me up. After I get a job, I will try to get a contract deal where they will pay for my Master’s program or Ph. D. I will then go back to college to get (at least) my Master’s in compsci, and continue my career from there, hopping to-and-fro wherever I see fit, and traveling the world whilst doing many side projects out of passion along the way.
