---
title: 'Animation/Cutscene Idea! (Pierre + Ghoul)'
description: ''
pubDate: 'May 11, 2025'
heroImage: 'entry-covers/0014.jpg'
---

Animation idea (This takes place non-chronologically, takes place after Ghoul boss fight and if you choose to spare them and they join the Aeon of Change):

Pierre: BEEP VRRRP BOP? (Hey, whatcha doin?)

Ghoul: Fuck off shithead (reading book laying down)

Pierre: (Oooooo - that's a good read :3)

Ghoul: Huh? ...You've read this shit before??? I can barely make out what the hell half of it says

Pierre: (Well, if you dont speak Ahsrazian then it's no wonder it's gonna be difficult to make out - here's my copy, comes with the translations :3)

Ghoul: .......Thanks.

Pierre: (Don't mention it.)

Pierre: (....What brings you out here, btw?)

Ghoul: To get away from shits like you.

(Awkward pause)

Ghoul: *sighhhhh*. Yeah. it's been kinda rough.

Pierre: (What's got you down?)

Ghoul: I..... don't really know. Just wondering where to go from here.... yknow?

Pierre: (It's totally ok..... I get it. I wonder the same thing myself daily. But, we just gotta keep taking it one step at a time, one second, one instant at a time.)

(Pause)

Pierre: (Hey, checkout that star up there - isn't it beautiful?)

Ghoul: .....Sure. I guess.

Pierre: (Right? Well, now let me ask you this: do you think the star's gotta try to be beautiful, to still be beautiful? To work towards some other moment to "earn" its unique beauty and elegance?)

Ghoul: .....No. I suppose not. All stars are cool, just for being a star.

Pierre: (Right. And we're no different. Each step of the way is its own beginning, its own end; and this moment? We're the most "ourselves" we've ever been so far. You're beautiful. We're all beautiful. And just like the star, you just gotta keep trying your best to burn, to dance in the present, to be.)

Ghoul: ............Thanks for that, shithead.

Pierre: (Anytime. :) )

(They both gaze up at the sky, beneath the dancing stars, laying down in the crimson blades of grass.)
