---
title: 'Scene Ideas #34 - #46'
description: ''
pubDate: 'Jun 10, 2025'
heroImage: 'entry-covers/d0016.png'
---

#34

“I think I might be dying.”

“It’s alright. The wind’ll carry you with the leaves.” 

“Talk to the stars for me, will you?”

“Of course. I’ll tell them all about our dreams. About us. About you.”

“I love you.”

“I know. I love you too. You can go now.”

🍂

___________________________________________


#35

“Do you think she’s up there? Or, somewhere, at least?”

“I….. I don’t know.”

“You don’t know? I thought she told you where she’d go, maybe with the roses? You think?”

“Yeah….. maybe she’s one of em, maybe the dirt, maybe the air, the light. Maybe she’s all of it now, and maybe someday she’ll come back to us.”

“I hope she does, I’d love to speak to her.”

“Well…. Yeah. Yeah; that does sound wonderful. Maybe we will. Now, get back to sleep, my love.”

“Goodnight dad”

“Goodnight.”

___________________________________________


#36 

Wandering down the trails, the trees comforting and shielding one from sight; the puddles one steps around not to get their shoes wet, they traverse the path slowly, wondering where to go, why to go - anywhere but there, that place, they choose to build distance and keep moving through the forest

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/4ZcAOcBORmoGZAHOwfa2mT?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0VRpllIquWVCxu7floopXc?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

(Inspiration songs)

___________________________________________


#37

“Oh look! The birds built a little house!”

“Why, yes they did! …Wow! And would you look at all those colorful leaves too?“

“Gosh, how the hell did they manage that, huh? With just a bunch of twigs thrown together, they’ve got their own home up just like that! If only it was that simple for us big-‘ins…”

“Well, don’t undermine the craftsmanship; bird’s still gotta figure out where to place the twigs, ain’t as simple as just shabbily throwin together some sticks.”

“I guess you’re right - impressive nonetheless.”

“That it is - alright, let’s keep moving-“

“Just one picture!!!!”

“Ughhhhh, alright - alright! But last one for the day!!! You keep holding us up with all these photo ops!”

“I’ll make it quick, promise! ;)”

___________________________________________


#38

“WHY THE FUCK DID YOU DO THAT??? WHAT WERE YOU THINKING???”

“I’m sorry- I- I didn’t mean to-“

“YOU NEARLY TOOK MY HEAD OFF WITH THAT SWING YOU DIPSHIT??”

“I know, and I’m sorry!!?”

“Pfffffff, you lousy shit. Damnit, why the hell did we choose to come along with you in the first place; you barely know how to keep yourself together, let alone a fucking squad.”

“……..”

“……”

“………….”

“…I’m sorry.”

“No - no. You’re right. I’ve got to get myself in order.”

“…I appreciate you being willing to change.”

“Yeah.”

“…….”

“….Sorry - again.”

“..It’s fine. Just don’t get me killed out here.”

“I’ll try my best-“

“I’m serious. We can’t afford to keep fucking up.”

“….It won’t happen again.”

“Promise?”

“Promise.”

___________________________________________


#39 

███ ███ ████ ███ ███ ████ ██ ████████

███████ ███ ████ ██ ███ ███████ █████████ ██ ███ ██████████ ███████ ██ ███ █████ ████ ██████

████ ████ ██████ ██ ██████ ███ ████ ███████ ███ ███████ ███ ███ ██████ ██ ██ ███████ ███ █████ ██████████ █████ ███ ████ ███ ████ ███ ████

████ ██████ █ ████████ ████ ███ ██ █████ █ ████████ ███ ██████ ███ █████████ █ ████ █████████ ███ ██████████ █ ███████ █ ███ ██████

████ ████ █ ███ ███ ███ █████ █ ██████ ██ ███ ███ ████ █████████ ███ ███ █████ █ ██████ █████ █ ██████ █████ ██ ██████ ██████

██ ████ ██████ ████ ███ ██████ ███ ██ ████████ █████ ███ █████ █ ███████ ██ ████ ████ ███ ██████ ███ █████ ████████ █████████

██ █████ ████ ███ ████ █ ███ █████ ████ ████████ ███████ █ █████ ████ ██ ████ ███ ████ ████ █████████

█████ ██ ████ ██████ █ ██████ ██ █ ███ █████ ██████ ██ ████ ██ ██ ██ ████ █ ███ ████ ███ ██████

████ ██ ███ ███████ █ ███ ███████ ██ ████ ████████████ ██████

████ █████ █ ████ ██ ██████

█████ ██ █████████ ███ ████

██████ ██████ █ ██████ ██ ████ ███████ ██ █ ██████ ███████ ████ ██ █ █████ ███ ████ ██ ███████ █████ ███ █████ ████ ███ ████ ████ ████████ █████ ██████

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/4V7g8sktSoVUNXWlBnwz1E?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

___________________________________________


#40

Riding bikes around the cul-de-sac on the sidewalks, but the central portion (and the road leading out of the area) are, instead, infinitely deep pits - the atmosphere is uncanny, the buildings look fake, the clouds move quickly across the sky - a strange silence looms over the area.

___________________________________________


#41 

Calling out atop a snowy mountaintop in an active blizzard; in the blizzard, it blows not just snowflakes and hail, but sharp icicles - knee deep in the snow screaming out to the valley, trying to find shelter

However, you start to notice birds diving into the snow, a few feet in front of you; you go to investigate, and find out they’ve created an under-snow igloo of sorts - at first they peck and screech at you, but you find a side away from them and stop moving, hoping they’ll think you’re dead - they stop the barrage, and you can finally sleep, for the night.

___________________________________________


#42

Dancing in front of the mirror, vines flow from behind it, dancing with me; locking eyes with the reflection, pulling them through to our side to dance together - the two of us. 

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/album/4fGmm4duNiLc3uDl9QqLM2?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

___________________________________________


#43

“You were never searching for me, and that’s ok. You can go to him now.”

Hugging a bed of roses, laying in the soft grass; the length of the blades growing up and down, as if the ground is breathing through them - a person nestled between, hugging their keepsake, a memento, soon to let go of their grip, and let the flowers separate out and fall to the ground, into the grass, before they finally choose to stand, and leave the flowers there in the meadow.

___________________________________________


#44

Cracks in the side of a teacup; a rhythmic, muffled booming in the distance 

Again, again, again

As if a distant thunder roaring in a sky over the ridge

The cup falls slowly, and as it nears the ground, the thunder grows louder

As it hits the ground, it doesn’t shatter, but instead, falls through the floor as if sinking into a pool of black liquid with a consistency similar to water - the cup descends below the surface, no longer visible - ripples emanating outwards, until the rippling stops, the surface becomes flat and gentle again, and the roaring of the thunder fades to silence.

___________________________________________


#45

(inspired directly by the dream I just had)

Walking down streets similar to my old middle school’s outdoor hallways, or perhaps more similar to a hilltop Japanese town where the streets slowly incline, the sky is a beautiful aqua + light blue color, and there are massive clouds in the sky if you look in the direction of where the street goes downwards - there are different groups of clouds forming one major cloud, one of the central clouds being almost pitch black, but there are fully white clouds around it too - it was such a fascinating sight to see - I walked up the hill filming slowly the water rushing down the sides of the streets in the gutters, since a rainstorm had just occurred but no longer was it raining, just with the water flowing down after - I kept walking up til the street leveled out since I reached the top of the hill; the buildings and fencing lining the street definitely was more closely aligned with Japanese architecture

___________________________________________

#46

owl atop a stone pedestal; tilts their head towards the right, and as it finishes turning their tilt the air shatters and fractures and color spills through the gaps, cracks all leading back towards the eyes of the owl who now has inverted colors
