---
title: 'The Root of Ineffability; From the Void, Everything is Born'
description: ''
pubDate: 'Jun 20, 2024'
heroImage: 'entry-covers/0031.png'
---

If I die, returning back to the same emptiness beyond nothing I was originally molded from, the emptiness in which I existed in before my birth, it is fully possible that at any point I could come back, born as something else again and again no matter how badly I'd try to stay non-existing forever. I may as well be everybody, everybody being me in some other life, every living creature, hell, maybe even every nonliving thing. 

It basically is just that, in far more ways than just one, it's all interconnected, pretty easy to see when you let your ego go (the NOT "pretty easy" part of it), your idea of "self," your identity, your image, because truly, once you let go of all these limits, these labels that hold you down, your environment conforming you into a static state of mind, all that remains is you: Nothingness. Air. The blank canvas, with endless, infinite possibilities. Everything and nothing. Beyond duality, beyond words, beyond everything and nothing, beyond "things" themselves. 

This is the root of ineffability in which everything stems from. That is precisely what words like Art, Love, and Beauty refer to in a seemingly more direct manner (essentially acting as null pointers) than most other words (however, everything of course is rooted in this regardless of the number of filters that overlay on top; all branches are still connected to the roots). 

Now that we've got that down, look back to the first sentence. If this is the case, whether it be literal or metaphorical, doesn't it make utmost sense for us to create Heaven ourselves? To work towards a reality, where no matter what you are born into this universe as, that you have a fully equal chance, guided by others as best as possible, to attaining your self-actualization? Love. Love for all. Love for everything and beyond. We would truly be in harmony. 

There would be no need for fear, neither in life nor in death. No need for greed, social classes, poverty, if all were to gift what was needed to one another, no need for jealousy if everything was shared, no need for lust if we were all taught from birth the utmost importance of self-control, no need for hatred if everyone were to treat one another with Love even if the other hated them with all their being, if everyone were to be taught the path towards ego-death, to view one another as an equal to the self, to Love with all their heart in spite of the pain they are sure to endure. 

This world is attainable. And it is simply for that reason, we must try for it. We must because we can, because we should, because we can reach that Heaven on earth for every living being, working towards it one step at a time, just like we've all collectively been doing since the dawn of mankind. 

We will reach it someday. 

I believe in us. 

I believe in you. 

* Kai / Ashli / Null